well we are all here to improve the
multiple online pirate
good I will leave you these two links this
half fire and this
first they download this the one that I have
black ops' with all the maps in
multiplayer supposedly works the
zombies
at 11 300 megabytes a lot but it's what
that there is but you do not charge me and you will remain
Something like
it is this
I can now download the second link or
download them and everything in there what
what are you going here
and I hope that now I have lost the yin
wait
and here is the link in another link
from scratch which is for the connection
fish that does not work very well but good
the first of carpenter after this one
you put it after this method and
you go this page 5.3 red.es I'm
here all to the safe distribution
well you will not look like the actor
will appear
come back to look like this you said
obviously good he puts the name on
username and password and the
mail going to take a email I saw there
followed within walnut
there is a point of terror confuses us with
haughty dot net because after
hannover you say it
you had it
once you run
in total it would weigh like everything
one
today you arrive with 400 megabytes
well I'm here the new one says offline is
because it is offline at the beginning where
this is going to appear that also carries its
top line new start night what
it matters is this if it's online is
works
and well I can leave all this
today they are from the treaty that is copied quoted
good is what I recommend doing
good that I have what that director
you have to open enough because to the
first I do not know what would be going to
seem like a mistake and now I know it's a
times an hour the first and good you have
to go trying until it opens
when it opens and could access everything
but knowing them now I started playing in
level 4 place a class but when you
you create a class
you are going to create good class that the keys
can be english
Create keys is just what you want
good and modifying your classes and by in
the unit will appear in
game setting and you download in
the gym chat
and it does not matter if it's 6.2 or any
version I recommend to 6.1 it does
anyone for example
paris computer tabakalera click
here they look for where they say black ops mp6 open
they give the woman and they put her at 20.00
they started the game and they have to wait
until you put it on him until he
take the down landing on the 7 and do not let it
escape because sometimes he does not remember and he
load the game
well that's how he remembers class and good
and you can play it's all the same now
shortly the 1.5 will come out
supposedly they are going to fix what the
hopeful collection
and well that the door is all very easy
the bad thing is this what pesaos ejido some
300 megs but well I hope you have them
served that the result and see you in
the next video goodbye
fuck good goodbye